Oh buena sera echo Ishaq Khan Ava huncha
Molly grazie te presento Megan and
Quattro lil yoga community k mega man in
italiano my capisco so this is wily
stage 1 i'll give you one screen to
figure out what the theme of the stages
it's Mets Mets of all types and Mets of
all sizes Mets that jump Mets that shoot
well I'll do that metzen swim let's sit
spin what's that I hate more nuts that I
hate there are no mess that I like so we
can't have that kind of variety or oh
god what dang it me this stage hate I
hate I don't like to stay at you very
much and that is for the simple reason
that even though nuts might be cute
there is scary as anything else as
everything whatever that was supposed to
mean my point is that they're very
frightening because well you see them
hiding in the little shell here like oh
god there's met there and then when you
approach them they pop out and shoot and
if you're fast enough you shoot them but
it looks like a close call and if you're
not fast enough you get hit and that
sucks and that was very risky and silly
of me to do so my point is that Mets are
always dangerous I don't care if you
think they're adorable go shove it up
something which you would shut things
into if their opinions differing from
your
um yes that made a lot of sense so this
stage is not very yeah everyone loves
the stage is it like bets Mets Mets but
how many people are trying to do this
without getting hit the boss is a cheap
shot guide to which we'll explain when
we get there if we get there so this is
an underwater second with spikes because
Wiley would fire his architect if you
didn't have at least one of these
thankfully these dive net type fellows
usually take more time to get out of
their hat so you have more time to shoot
them though every time I say that of
course things go wrong things almost
went horribly wrong right there you can
do this without rush jet if you want but
I'd rather not risk the spikes as well
I'd rather risk his few spikes as I can
that spike hallway next to me and we
just kind of like ignored if you try to
rush marine through there in my
experience it always kills you who knows
so these invisible block parts which I
have not yet talked about because I'm
still stuck behind in my commentary it
is not too bad yeah there's simple
patterns they're not too threatening
well there's desk like split up simple
patterns God dang yeah so yeah while
they may make you dread for your life
there nothing too thick let me put it
this way that spikes or way less
threatening than meds in this stage
which doesn't say a lot because
everything is stages and Rhett I put the
bed dive at the spikes or Mets to
somehow
I'm just gonna play this room safe I
play it safe I mean ignore everything
because they really don't deserve my
attention anymore the boss the boss he's
a boss he's a giant met because I guess
kamik made a stop here with this a
marginal powder oh go basically he can
jump and he can stun and he can make
vets Mets rain on you the problem with
this gloss is twofold one wax is
probably three for one you can't count
on him as much for timing too sometimes
you will stay there long enough for you
hit him a few times sometimes it'll be a
few more and oh we killed him before I
could finish complaining how's that for
silliness also the hit boxes are too big
and the Met pattern seems somewhat
random sometimes so my point is that
it's kinda lucky based on some parts yes
this is Vinci I am much less of a met
fan and some people like to mention
apparently but I think I have my reasons
this stage will very quickly become one
of the reasons that I do not enjoy them
quite as much you just skip the spoon
yes you can not that we can't hit them
and they like always hit you unless you
time everything exactly right and
license of timing is not the best sense
of timing it is a timing sense what the
hell night this section is of course
they have to have water and spikes in
the wily castle or else well he probably
soon as the architect the dive nets at
least are easier to kill because they
have more time taken when they pop out
of their little shell type thing they're
the most meds what
Oh